Oct 28, 2024

## AIA Weekly Team Meeting

Invited [Lukáš Kozaňák](mailto:kozanak.lukas@gmail.com) [joudehelaleyrt@gmail.com](mailto:joudehelaleyrt@gmail.com) [Filip Lipczynski](mailto:filip@myaiadvantage.com) [dominiquewithaar@gmail.com](mailto:dominiquewithaar@gmail.com) [Daniel Pierce](mailto:danielpierce305@gmail.com) [robo.nagy5@gmail.com](mailto:robo.nagy5@gmail.com) [Igor Pogany](mailto:igorp@myaiadvantage.com) [ariadnelewisb@gmail.com](mailto:ariadnelewisb@gmail.com) [Mattias Herzig](mailto:matt@myaiadvantage.com) [michal.bachta@gmail.com](mailto:michal.bachta@gmail.com) [Raluca mihai](mailto:ralukamihai.rm@gmail.com)

Attachments [AIA Weekly Team Meeting](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=XzY5MTNhZHE0NmNzamdiYTY4Z3EzZ2I5azZ0MWowYmExNzEyamViYTI2OTEzOGdwaThvcWppaDlnOGNfMjAyNDEwMjhUMTcwMDAwWiBpZ29ycEBteWFpYWR2YW50YWdlLmNvbQ) 

Meeting records [Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g_goji50CztGvSpwXidd9NDQR6QPhRbclVn9F4BEddM/edit?usp=drive_web) [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kX6e2Hh0Kf2dihiTejPJYB8h6IB8zfhY/view?usp=drive_web) 

### Summary

The meeting discussed a wide range of topics, including event attendance, chatbot development, AI rankings updates, and Black Friday promotion plans. Participants, including Igor Pogany, Raluca M. Mihai, Mattias Herzig, Ariadne Lewis, Dominique Withaar, and Daniel Pierce, worked collaboratively to identify issues, propose solutions, and assign ownership of various tasks. The team decided to have another meeting on Wednesday to finalize the details of the Black Friday promotion week and create a timeline for the upcoming events.

### Details

* **Last Week's Events Review** Igor asked about the feedback from last week's events, and Mattias shared his positive impressions of the presentation, noting the speaker's good vocabulary but needing more practice with pronunciation . They discussed whether American English should be considered native English, with Igor affirming that it is .

* **PowerPoint Template** Raluca raised the topic of PowerPoint templates for events, suggesting a standardized one with consistent branding elements . Mattias agreed that consistency in colors is important, but different structures can be used . Igor confirmed that templates are available in Notion and proposed a collaborative approach to creating a new template .

* **Community Events & Attendance** Mattias reported on the success of the "No Code Ethics Talk" and "Replit Agents" events . Dominique Withaar mentioned low attendance at their event, only having two attendees . The conversation then shifted to finding ways to improve event attendance, exploring different formats and marketing strategies . Igor suggested a possible solution in the form of pre-recorded mini-courses that could provide foundational knowledge .

* **Learning Path Chatbot** The conversation moved to the progress of the "Chatbot Building Learning Path." Ariadne Lewis confirmed completion of the notes and guides, with Mattias now working on drafting the document .  Raluca inquired about the possibility of creating additional chatbots, and Ariadne confirmed their ability to do so .

* **Monthly Video AI Rankings & Updates**  Daniel reported completing the task of providing six use cases for monthly video AI rankings and updates .  Igor mentioned that they had discussed updates to the rankings with Lucas and Robert, and they would be providing Daniel with notes for additional changes .

* **LLM Rankings & Updates** Igor proposed that they go over updates to the LLM rankings during office hours, with Daniel agreeing to review the changes and finalize the task .  They discussed the latest updates in the LLM space, with Daniel highlighting Claude 3.5's sonnet update and the possible inclusion of Computer Use in the LLM rankings .

* **Learning Path Chatbot: Timeline & Status** Raluca inquired about the timeline for finalizing the learning path chatbot . Mattias confirmed that the events are scheduled for November and proposed a December release with a deadline of the 8th .  Discussion ensued about integrating the new resources into the image rankings, with a decision to link the resource at the top of the post .

* **Image Ranking: Updates & Resources** Dominique Withaar offered to make minor adjustments to the image rankings and suggested including the new document in the post . They requested additional images from Dream Studio and Daniel volunteered to generate them .

* **Resource Integration & Updates** They agreed to change the task from "Create a new resource" to "Integrate new resource" for the image rankings . They discussed the need for updates to the image rankings for November, with Dominique taking ownership of the task and suggesting collaboration with Daniel ..

* **LLM Innovation Event: Support & Collaboration** Igor expressed a desire for team support in preparing for the upcoming "Computer Use" event on November 5th .  They discussed the upcoming release of Google's "Jarvis AI" and Igor suggested assigning tasks to experiment with the tool . Michal Bachta expressed interest in trying the tool but was unsure about system requirements .  Igor suggested using a Docker container and offered to provide an API key for Michał to experiment .

* **Slack Channel & Member Access** Raluca inquired about the potential to consolidate the "Agent 1-1" Slack channel with the main team chat .  Igor agreed that it was possible, as it would not increase costs, and instructed Raluca to add Costic to the team chat .  He confirmed that he had archived the "Agent 1-1" channel and added Costic to the AIA team chat .

* **PowerPoint Sharing Process** Raluca proposed a process for sharing PowerPoints for events, where the presenter would send the presentation to Ariadne when she uploads the recording, streamlining the process .  Mattias confirmed that he had seen the conversation about this, and they agreed on the proposed process.

* **Workbench: Description & Timeline** Raluca reiterated the requirement for event descriptions to be available at least one week in advance for the Workbench . Mattias confirmed ownership of the description writing, with Raluca clarifying that she does not intend to make any changes, only to ensure the one-week lead time .  They discussed the timing of the announcements, with Mattias suggesting a one-and-a-half-week lead time . Igor confirmed that the decision had been made last Monday and that the announcement should have gone up 24 hours after the meeting but acknowledged that Mattias had addressed the issue .

* **Workbench: Communication & Formatting** Mattias highlighted the challenge of managing communication related to Workbench problems and solutions .  They discussed the potential for confusion with the current format, with Mattias proposing that solutions be integrated into the main problem post instead of having separate posts .   Raluca suggested adding a descriptive title to the Workbench posts, such as "AI Workbench 2: Create Your Tattoo with AI," to make them more inviting .  Igor agreed that the event titles should be outcome-based .

* **Workbench: Event Titles & Ownership** Igor posed a question about the use of names in event titles, noting that office hours typically include names . Mattias acknowledged that the AI Workbench currently does not have a banner with a name and suggested adding one . They discussed the need to determine ownership of the Green events and agreed that Lucas should create the banner once a decision is reached .

* **Workbench: District Focus & Problem Selection** Raluca emphasized that they should not be obsessed with creating a Workbench for each district, but rather focus on finding good problems that people are interested in, regardless of the district . She used the example of the "audio to transcript to translation" problem as a good one that could be solved through a creative approach , which Mattias confirmed as a good example .

* **Guide & Resource Announcement** Raluca announced the release of guide number 110 and suggested mentioning it in the next announcement to highlight the growing number of guides . Igor confirmed that there were 112 guides and resources .

* **YouTube Subscriber Milestone & Celebration** Raluca inquired about plans to celebrate reaching 300,000 YouTube subscribers, suggesting a special stream with a giveaway . Igor agreed that a celebration is warranted and proposed a special stream and giveaway . They discussed potential Black Friday promotions, with Raluca suggesting a free business blueprint for new community members who join for at least three months .

* **Black Friday Promotions & Community Engagement** Igor mentioned that they could offer a 40% discount on the yearly community membership .  Raluca suggested offering a free one-hour consultation with Igor for Black Friday, but Igor suggested that a discount on the yearly membership would be more appealing .  Igor explained the math behind offering a discount to maximize customer value .

* **Black Friday Automation Week & Livestream** Igor proposed a "Black Friday Automation Week" with daily livestreams on YouTube, with Mattias suggesting that he could run a live office hour to provide an incentive for community members to join .  Igor discussed potential topics for the livestreams, including conversation starters, prompting techniques, and fine-tuning .  Raluca suggested collecting automation ideas from viewers during the first livestream .

* **Black Friday Week: Timeline & Events** Mattias confirmed that the Black Friday week runs from November 25th to December 2nd . They discussed integrating the existing events, including Mattias's "Building a Lead Capture Chatbot" event and Igor's LLM event, into the Black Friday week .  Raluca suggested that they offer a one-year community membership as a prize for a challenge during the Black Friday week .

* **Challenge & Project** Igor proposed running a public challenge during the Black Friday week, with Mattias suggesting that they could have a remix competition .  Igor also proposed solving a project live during the livestreams, potentially bringing in team members .  Raluca suggested that the project idea should come from the livestream viewers .

* **Black Friday Week: Planning & Action Items**  The team decided to have a longer conversation on Wednesday to work through the details of the Black Friday week . They agreed on the need to prepare for the promotion week,  with Igor blocking out time in his schedule to stream daily .  Mattias suggested that running a Monday-to-Monday challenge could provide a bigger bang for Cyber Monday .  Igor confirmed that he would be open to doing a one-year community membership giveaway for the challenge .  Raluca suggested that they should consider revisiting some of their best projects from the year for the livestreams .

* **Lead Magnet & Script Updates**  Igor discussed the need to upgrade the lead magnet with prompts from the free pages for the quiz .   Daniel confirmed that he had written the scripts and was working on a second edit .

* **Quiz & Timeline** Igor confirmed that Lucas was waiting for his thumbs up to finalize the quiz .   He also mentioned that the screen recording for the quiz was ready and that they could start running it the following week .

* **Community Growth & YouTube Subscriber Milestone** Raluca suggested that the team should plan a celebration for reaching 300,000 YouTube subscribers . Igor confirmed that the milestone would be reached by the end of November . They discussed aligning the subscriber milestone celebration with the Black Friday week promotion .

* **Year-End Community Rewind** Mattias suggested creating a "community rewind" video at the end of the year, highlighting the best moments from their livestreams and community interactions .  Igor agreed that this would be a good way to thank the community members .

* **Notion Access & Automations** Michał Bachta inquired about his Notion access and requested to be set as a member . Igor informed him that everyone is currently a guest in Notion and offered to create an API key for him to integrate with Make .

* **Form Trigger & Database Update**  Michał discussed the integration of automations with a form used for gathering community member information .  Igor clarified that the trigger for the automation is when a new member account is created and that additional details are added when the form is filled out .   Michal asked about the possibility of adding a new column to the database, and Igor granted him permission to do so .

* **Notebook LM & Language Prompts** Raluca mentioned that Dirk had written a prompt that allows Notebook LM to create podcasts in different languages .  Igor expressed interest in this prompt and asked Raluca to send him the information .  Michał confirmed that he had tried using Notebook LM in Polish but it did not work .  Raluca confirmed that the feature works now if the prompt is written in the desired language .

* **Office Hours & Ending**  Igor informed the team that he would be starting and ending his office hours early due to his schedule .  Mattias offered to adjust the event timings .

*You should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. [Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/14754931)*

*Please provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a [short survey.](https://google.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9vK3UZEaIQKKE7A)*